README.md, before:

#  [![NPM version][npm-image]][npm-url] [![Build Status][travis-image]][travis-url] [![Dependency Status][daviddm-url]][daviddm-image]

> Generate service worker code that will precache specific resources.
See the [background doc](background.md) for more information.


## Install

```sh
$ npm install --save-dev sw-precache
```


## Usage

### Overview

1. **Make sure your site is served using HTTPS!**
Service worker functionality is only available on pages that are accessed via HTTPS.
(`http://localhost` will also work, to facilitate testing.) The rationale for this restriction is
outlined in the
["Prefer Secure Origins For Powerful New Features" document](http://www.chromium.org/Home/chromium-security/prefer-secure-origins-for-powerful-new-features).

2. **Incorporate `sw-precache` into your `node`-based build script.**
It should work well with either `gulp` or `Grunt`, or other build scripts that run on `node`.
As part of the build process, `sw-precache` generates fully functional JavaScript code that will
take care of precaching and fetching all the resources your site needs to function offline.

3. **Register the service worker JavaScript.**
The JavaScript that's generated needs to be registered as the controlling service worker for your
pages. This technically only needs to be done from within a top-level "entry" page for your site,
since the registration includes a
[`scope`](https://slightlyoff.github.io/ServiceWorker/spec/service_worker/index.html#service-worker-registration-scope)
which will apply to all pages underneath your top-level page.
[`service-worker-registration.js`](https://github.com/jeffposnick/sw-precache/blob/master/demo/app/js/service-worker-registration.js)
is a sample script that illustrates the best practices for registering the generated service worker
code and handling the various
[lifecycle](https://slightlyoff.github.io/ServiceWorker/spec/service_worker/index.html#service-worker-state.1) events.

### Example

The project's [sample `gulpfile.js`](https://github.com/jeffposnick/sw-precache/blob/master/demo/gulpfile.js)
illustrates its usage in context; it will use `sw-precache` to generate valid JavaScript code and
then write it to a local directory as `service-worker.js`. Here's an excerpt:

    var config = {
      cacheId: packageJson.name,
      dynamicUrlToDependencies: {
        './': [path.join(rootDir, 'index.html')],
        'dynamic/page1': [
          path.join(rootDir, 'views', 'layout.jade'),
          path.join(rootDir, 'views', 'page1.jade')
        ],
        'dynamic/page2': [
          path.join(rootDir, 'views', 'layout.jade'),
          path.join(rootDir, 'views', 'page2.jade')
        ]
      },
      handleFetch: handleFetch,
      logger: $.util.log,
      staticFileGlobs: [
        rootDir + '/css/**.css',
        rootDir + '/**.html',
        rootDir + '/images/**.*',
        rootDir + '/js/**.js'
      ],
      stripPrefix: path.join(rootDir, path.sep)
    };

    swPrecache(config, callback);


## Considerations

- Service worker caching should be considered a progressive enhancement. If you follow the model of
conditionally registering a service worker only if it's supported (determined by
`if('serviceWorker' in navigator)`), you'll get offline support on browsers with service workers and
on browsers that don't support service workers, the offline-specific code will never be called.
There's no overhead/breakage for older browsers if you add `sw-precache` to your build.

- **All** resources that are precached will be fetched by a service worker running in a separate
thread as soon as the service worker is installed. You should be judicious in what you list in the
`dynamicUrlToDependencies` and `staticFileGlobs` options, since listing files that are non-essential
(large images that are not shown on every page, for instance) will result in browsers downloading
more data then is strictly necessary, as soon as they visit your site.

- Precaching doesn't make sense for all types of resources (see previous point). Other caching
strategies, like those outlined in the [offline cookbook](http://jakearchibald.com/2014/offline-cookbook/),
can be used in conjunction with `sw-precache` to provide the best experience for your users. If you
do implement additional caching logic, put the code in a separate JavaScript file and include it
using the `importScripts` option.


## Options

### cacheId [`String`]
A string used to distinguish the caches created by different web applications that are served off
of the same origin and path. While serving completely different sites from the same URL is not
likely to be an issue in a production environment, it avoids cache-conflicts when testing various
projects all served off of `http://localhost`. You may want to set it to, e.g., the `name`
property from your `package.json`.

Default: `''`

### dynamicUrlToDependencies [`Object<String,Array<String>>`]
Maps a dynamic URL string to an array of all the files that URL's contents depend on.
E.g., if the contents of `/pages/home` are generated server-side via the templates `layout.jade` and
`home.jade`, then specify `'/pages/home': ['layout.jade', 'home.jade']`. The MD5 hash used to
determine whether `/pages/home` has changed will depend on the hashes of both
`layout.jade` and `home.jade`.

Default: `{}`

### handleFetch [`boolean`]
Determines whether the `fetch` event handler is included in the generated service worker code.
It is useful to set this to `false` in development builds, to ensure that features like live reload
still work (otherwise, the content would always be served from the service worker cache).

Default: `true`

### importScripts [`Array<String>`]
If you'd like to include one or more external scripts as part of the generated service worker code,
use this option. The scripts passed in will be passed directly to the
[`importScripts()`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Web_Workers_API/basic_usage#Importing_scripts_and_libraries)
method.

Default: `[]`

### includeCachePolyfill [`boolean`]
Whether or not to include the
[service worker cache polyfill](https://github.com/coonsta/cache-polyfill/blob/master/dist/serviceworker-cache-polyfill.js), which provides a JavaScript
implementation of some functionality that is not yet found in Chrome 41.
Unless you know that you're already including this elsewhere in your project, it's a good idea to
leave as-is.

Default: `true`

### logger [`function`]
A function used to report back on which resources are being precached and the overall size.
Use `function() {}` if you'd prefer that nothing is logged.
Within a `gulp` script, it's recommended that you use
[`gulp-util`](https://github.com/gulpjs/gulp-util) and pass in `gutil.log`.

Default: `console.log`

### maximumFileSizeToCacheInBytes [`Number`]
Files larger than this size will not be added to the precache list.

Default: `4194304` (2 megabytes)

### stripPrefix [`String`]
Useful when there's a discrepency between the relative path to a local file at build time and the
relative URL that the resource will be served from.
E.g. if all your local files are under `dist/app/` and your web root is also at `dist/app/`, you'd
strip that prefix from the start of each local file's path in order to get the correct relative URL.

Default: `''`

### staticFileGlobs [`Array<String>`]
An array of one or more string patterns that will be passed in to
[`glob`](https://github.com/isaacs/node-glob).
All files matching these globs will be automatically precached by the generated service worker.
You'll almost always want to specify something for this.

Default: `[]`

### templateFilePath [`String`]
The path to the file used as the ([lo-dash](https://lodash.com/docs#template)) template to generate
`service-worker.js`.
If you need to add in additional functionality to the generated service worker code, it's
recommended that you use the `importScripts` option to include in extra JavaScript code rather than
using a different template.
But if you do need to change the basic generated service worker code, please make a copy of the
[original template](https://github.com/jeffposnick/sw-precache/blob/master/service-worker.tmpl),
modify it locally, and use this option to point to your template file.

Default: `service-worker.tmpl` (in the directory that this module lives in)


## Acknowledgements

Thanks to [Sindre Sorhus](https://github.com/sindresorhus) and
[Addy Osmani](https://github.com/addyosmani) for their advice and code reviews.
[Jake Archibald](https://github.com/jakearchibald) was kind enough to review the service worker logic.


## License

[Apache 2.0](https://github.com/jeffposnick/sw-precache/blob/master/LICENSE) © 2015 Google Inc.

[npm-url]: https://npmjs.org/package/sw-precache
[npm-image]: https://badge.fury.io/js/sw-precache.svg
[travis-url]: https://travis-ci.org/jeffposnick/sw-precache
[travis-image]: https://travis-ci.org/jeffposnick/sw-precache.svg?branch=master
[daviddm-url]: https://david-dm.org/jeffposnick/sw-precache.svg?theme=shields.io
[daviddm-image]: https://david-dm.org/jeffposnick/sw-precache

Commit message:

Added the ignoreUrlParametersMatching option and bumped to 1.2.0.

README.md, after:

#  [![NPM version][npm-image]][npm-url] [![Build Status][travis-image]][travis-url] [![Dependency Status][daviddm-url]][daviddm-image]

> Generate service worker code that will precache specific resources.
See the [background doc](background.md) for more information.


## Install

```sh
$ npm install --save-dev sw-precache
```


## Usage

### Overview

1. **Make sure your site is served using HTTPS!**
Service worker functionality is only available on pages that are accessed via HTTPS.
(`http://localhost` will also work, to facilitate testing.) The rationale for this restriction is
outlined in the
["Prefer Secure Origins For Powerful New Features" document](http://www.chromium.org/Home/chromium-security/prefer-secure-origins-for-powerful-new-features).

2. **Incorporate `sw-precache` into your `node`-based build script.**
It should work well with either `gulp` or `Grunt`, or other build scripts that run on `node`.
As part of the build process, `sw-precache` generates fully functional JavaScript code that will
take care of precaching and fetching all the resources your site needs to function offline.

3. **Register the service worker JavaScript.**
The JavaScript that's generated needs to be registered as the controlling service worker for your
pages. This technically only needs to be done from within a top-level "entry" page for your site,
since the registration includes a
[`scope`](https://slightlyoff.github.io/ServiceWorker/spec/service_worker/index.html#service-worker-registration-scope)
which will apply to all pages underneath your top-level page.
[`service-worker-registration.js`](https://github.com/jeffposnick/sw-precache/blob/master/demo/app/js/service-worker-registration.js)
is a sample script that illustrates the best practices for registering the generated service worker
code and handling the various
[lifecycle](https://slightlyoff.github.io/ServiceWorker/spec/service_worker/index.html#service-worker-state.1) events.

### Example

The project's [sample `gulpfile.js`](https://github.com/jeffposnick/sw-precache/blob/master/demo/gulpfile.js)
illustrates its usage in context; it will use `sw-precache` to generate valid JavaScript code and
then write it to a local directory as `service-worker.js`. Here's an excerpt:

    var config = {
      cacheId: packageJson.name,
      dynamicUrlToDependencies: {
        './': [path.join(rootDir, 'index.html')],
        'dynamic/page1': [
          path.join(rootDir, 'views', 'layout.jade'),
          path.join(rootDir, 'views', 'page1.jade')
        ],
        'dynamic/page2': [
          path.join(rootDir, 'views', 'layout.jade'),
          path.join(rootDir, 'views', 'page2.jade')
        ]
      },
      handleFetch: handleFetch,
      logger: $.util.log,
      staticFileGlobs: [
        rootDir + '/css/**.css',
        rootDir + '/**.html',
        rootDir + '/images/**.*',
        rootDir + '/js/**.js'
      ],
      stripPrefix: path.join(rootDir, path.sep)
    };

    swPrecache(config, callback);


## Considerations

- Service worker caching should be considered a progressive enhancement. If you follow the model of
conditionally registering a service worker only if it's supported (determined by
`if('serviceWorker' in navigator)`), you'll get offline support on browsers with service workers and
on browsers that don't support service workers, the offline-specific code will never be called.
There's no overhead/breakage for older browsers if you add `sw-precache` to your build.

- **All** resources that are precached will be fetched by a service worker running in a separate
thread as soon as the service worker is installed. You should be judicious in what you list in the
`dynamicUrlToDependencies` and `staticFileGlobs` options, since listing files that are non-essential
(large images that are not shown on every page, for instance) will result in browsers downloading
more data then is strictly necessary, as soon as they visit your site.

- Precaching doesn't make sense for all types of resources (see previous point). Other caching
strategies, like those outlined in the [offline cookbook](http://jakearchibald.com/2014/offline-cookbook/),
can be used in conjunction with `sw-precache` to provide the best experience for your users. If you
do implement additional caching logic, put the code in a separate JavaScript file and include it
using the `importScripts` option.


## Options

### cacheId [`String`]
A string used to distinguish the caches created by different web applications that are served off
of the same origin and path. While serving completely different sites from the same URL is not
likely to be an issue in a production environment, it avoids cache-conflicts when testing various
projects all served off of `http://localhost`. You may want to set it to, e.g., the `name`
property from your `package.json`.

Default: `''`

### dynamicUrlToDependencies [`Object<String,Array<String>>`]
Maps a dynamic URL string to an array of all the files that URL's contents depend on.
E.g., if the contents of `/pages/home` are generated server-side via the templates `layout.jade` and
`home.jade`, then specify `'/pages/home': ['layout.jade', 'home.jade']`. The MD5 hash used to
determine whether `/pages/home` has changed will depend on the hashes of both
`layout.jade` and `home.jade`.

Default: `{}`

### handleFetch [`boolean`]
Determines whether the `fetch` event handler is included in the generated service worker code.
It is useful to set this to `false` in development builds, to ensure that features like live reload
still work (otherwise, the content would always be served from the service worker cache).

Default: `true`

### ignoreUrlParametersMatching [`Array<Regex>`]
`sw-precache` finds matching cache entries by doing a comparison with the full request URL. It's
common for sites to support URL query parameters that don't affect the site's content and should
be effectively ignored for the purposes of cache matching—one example is the
[`utm_`-prefixed](https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/1033867) parameters used for tracking
campaign performance. By default, `sw-precache` will ignore `key=value` when `key` matches _any_ of
the regular expressions provided in this option.
To ignore all parameters, use `[/./]`. To take all parameters into account when matching, use `[]`.

Default: `[/^utm_/]`

### importScripts [`Array<String>`]
If you'd like to include one or more external scripts as part of the generated service worker code,
use this option. The scripts passed in will be passed directly to the
[`importScripts()`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Web_Workers_API/basic_usage#Importing_scripts_and_libraries)
method.

Default: `[]`

### includeCachePolyfill [`boolean`]
Whether or not to include the
[service worker cache polyfill](https://github.com/coonsta/cache-polyfill/blob/master/dist/serviceworker-cache-polyfill.js), which provides a JavaScript
implementation of some functionality that is not yet found in Chrome 41.
Unless you know that you're already including this elsewhere in your project, it's a good idea to
leave as-is.

Default: `true`

### logger [`function`]
A function used to report back on which resources are being precached and the overall size.
Use `function() {}` if you'd prefer that nothing is logged.
Within a `gulp` script, it's recommended that you use
[`gulp-util`](https://github.com/gulpjs/gulp-util) and pass in `gutil.log`.

Default: `console.log`

### maximumFileSizeToCacheInBytes [`Number`]
Files larger than this size will not be added to the precache list.

Default: `4194304` (2 megabytes)

### stripPrefix [`String`]
Useful when there's a discrepency between the relative path to a local file at build time and the
relative URL that the resource will be served from.
E.g. if all your local files are under `dist/app/` and your web root is also at `dist/app/`, you'd
strip that prefix from the start of each local file's path in order to get the correct relative URL.

Default: `''`

### staticFileGlobs [`Array<String>`]
An array of one or more string patterns that will be passed in to
[`glob`](https://github.com/isaacs/node-glob).
All files matching these globs will be automatically precached by the generated service worker.
You'll almost always want to specify something for this.

Default: `[]`

### templateFilePath [`String`]
The path to the file used as the ([lo-dash](https://lodash.com/docs#template)) template to generate
`service-worker.js`.
If you need to add in additional functionality to the generated service worker code, it's
recommended that you use the `importScripts` option to include in extra JavaScript code rather than
using a different template.
But if you do need to change the basic generated service worker code, please make a copy of the
[original template](https://github.com/jeffposnick/sw-precache/blob/master/service-worker.tmpl),
modify it locally, and use this option to point to your template file.

Default: `service-worker.tmpl` (in the directory that this module lives in)


## Acknowledgements

Thanks to [Sindre Sorhus](https://github.com/sindresorhus) and
[Addy Osmani](https://github.com/addyosmani) for their advice and code reviews.
[Jake Archibald](https://github.com/jakearchibald) was kind enough to review the service worker logic.


## License

[Apache 2.0](https://github.com/jeffposnick/sw-precache/blob/master/LICENSE) © 2015 Google Inc.

[npm-url]: https://npmjs.org/package/sw-precache
[npm-image]: https://badge.fury.io/js/sw-precache.svg
[travis-url]: https://travis-ci.org/jeffposnick/sw-precache
[travis-image]: https://travis-ci.org/jeffposnick/sw-precache.svg?branch=master
[daviddm-url]: https://david-dm.org/jeffposnick/sw-precache.svg?theme=shields.io
[daviddm-image]: https://david-dm.org/jeffposnick/sw-precache
